This document outlines the user workflow for JustFind, a dating app aimed at people seeking a more committed and serious relationship. On JustFind, users can't see each other's full profiles until they match. The app does all the work, users just need to indicate their preferences. Clear guidelines will be provided to users with consequences for violating them, along with some tips. Here's how it works:

    1.Download the app from a mobile store.
    2.Create an account by filling out basic information (name, age, location, gender, sexual orientation). An email or phone verification will be conducted to confirm it is really you.
    3.Upload a few photos of yourself. The app will then use your camera to verify that you are the same person in the photos. Later, when you add new photos, the app will use the same information to verify that they are of you. Photos where your face is not visible are not allowed.
    4.Complete your profile by writing a short bio, including hobbies, sports, job, location, relationship goals, values, personality, etc. It is not mandatory to complete everything. The app will show you in real-time how many people might be interested in you based on your profile.
    5.Create a profile for your ideal match, similar to how you set up your own profile (plus age range and location). You can also indicate whether you want your match to have certain traits or not, and whether these traits are necessary or not using a sliding scale. The app will show you in real-time how many people you might be interested in based on your preferences.
    6.Rate the photos and bio of your potential matches separately on a scale of 1-10, and provide feedback (using pre-registered sentences) to help them improve their profile if needed. You can also report any inappropriate photos or bio. This data will be used to fine-tune your best match.
    7.If you are satisfied with your profile, you can click the "start matching" button. You need to have a complete profile to use this feature. This will lock your profile customization, but it can be cancelled at any time. The app will then immediately find your best match using your criteria. You just have to wait for the process to finish, which shouldn't take long.
    8.Once the matching is complete, you will be presented with your best match. You can either accept or reject this person. They can do the same. You both have 48 hours to make a decision.
    9.If you both accept each other, you can start a conversation with your match. If not, you can start a new round but must wait at least 24 hours for a new match. The previous match will not be shown again. You have to click "start matching" each time you want to search for your best match. This will use the same criteria as before, but you can change it before if you want.
    10.During the conversation, you can reject the person at any time. However, you will have to specify why by pointing to something in their profile that you didn't like or using pre-registered sentences. Another option is to report the person for inappropriate behavior or harassment.
    11.At the end of an exchange, the app will ask you if you want to provide feedback on your matches and the matching process to help improve the app and user experience.